README.md, before:

# Grade Manager

## a application keeping track of academic performance

This application is basically a comprehensive recorder of students' grades. 
It is designed for students especially undergraduate 
who have lots of course and diverse form of exams or quizzes to keep track 
of their academic performance easily. Usually, it is a very fussy and dull thing to 
check how you do in one of your courses. Not to mention there are so many courses 
and semesters to record. This application solve the problem, which enables you to access 
performance of all courses and time rapidly. This application can 
save students lots of time.

A list of functions:
- record your grade by subjects
- analyze your grade change
- calculate GPA

## user story

As a user, I want to be able to add a course to my lists of courses

As a user, I want to be able to delete a course from my lists of courses

As a user, I want to be able to create a list of courses with time 

As a user, I want to be able to view a lists of grades and total GPA and corresponding lists of courses in a time period

As a user, I want to be able to compare two lists of course with two different time

Commit message:

completed project version 2: fix readme and apply some minor change to ui

README.md, after:

# Grade Manager

## a application keeping track of academic performance

This application is basically a comprehensive recorder of students' grades. 
It is designed for students especially undergraduate 
who have lots of course and diverse form of exams or quizzes to keep track 
of their academic performance easily. Usually, it is a very fussy and dull thing to 
check how you do in one of your courses. Not to mention there are so many courses 
and semesters to record. This application solve the problem, which enables you to access 
performance of all courses and time rapidly. This application can 
save students lots of time.

A list of functions:
- record your grade by subjects
- compare your performance over time
- calculate GPA for you

## user story

As a user, I want to be able to add a course to my lists of courses

As a user, I want to be able to delete a course from my lists of courses

As a user, I want to be able to create a list of courses with name 

As a user, I want to be able to delete a list of courses with name

As a user, I want to be able to view a lists of grades and total GPA and corresponding lists of courses in a course list

As a user, I want to be able to compare two lists of course
